[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I never really quite bought
the whole spiritual trip that,
oh, we're just a spirit in this
body and the material reality
doesn't matter.
And I also never bought
the other side equation,
which is we're all
material and no spirit.
We're some kind of
combination of those things.
And [AUDIO OUT] knows
that intuitively.
Everyone kind of knows
we're part angel, part ape,
we have kind of this
duality within us,
and the idea is how do we get
to be more angel and less ape?
Well, we've got to
go more towards food
that has high ethereal
vibrations in it,
metaphysical power.
The power of chocolate
is overwhelming.
It is overwhelming.
If you actually get onto the
truth about chocolate, which
is all the chocolates
you've been eating probably
by everybody
forever has all been
processed, massively
chemicalized,
has very, very little
actual cacao in it, which
is the food that all
chocolate is made out of,
and has sugar and
all kinds of stuff,
but even then still able to
create a twinkle in a child's
eye, even then, after all that.
If you actually move
that out of the way
and get onto the real food,
which is the raw chocolate,
and you start eating that,
the metaphysical power of it
is overwhelming.
It's actually a joke compared
to what we grew up with,
like cheeseburgers.
I mean, it really is a time
of tremendous divergence
between the best of the best
and the worst of the worst.
And anybody who's watching this
right now has at some level
made a choice that
they want to do
something that is going
to improve their lives,
their families'
lives, their kids'
lives, and the life
of the planet itself
and the life of all the
plants and everything.
If that is our choice,
then our food choices
must correlate with that,
because if you've ever
flown in a plane and you look
out the window of the plane
and you see what's down there,
you'll see it's all farms.
The primary way that we're
interacting with our planet
is through agriculture.
And if we change our food
choices, we change agriculture,
and all of a sudden we shift
away from, for example, corn,
wheat, soy diets over to, quote,
unquote, "superfood" diets
and "organic" diets
and "raw food" diets,
and we shift the whole
way that we literally
interact with the planet.
The number one thing
we're doing on this planet
is growing things.
In spite of all the
chemical-controlled, giant
agricultural businesses,
we're still growing stuff.
We could grow
genetically-modified corn
or we could grow the most
extraordinary goji berries
in the world.
We could grow
genetically-modified soybeans
or we could grow the
most powerful aloe
vera that's ever been seen
in the history of the world.
And that choice is 100% ours.
My feeling about it is I
need to put all my attention
on the solutions.
We are no longer
pointing at problems.
That's over with.
That's done.
We know that we can't continue
to blow massive amounts of soot
into the atmosphere anymore.
We know that we can't continue
to bomb each other anymore.
Everybody knows that.
So now we need to put all
our focus on solutions,
and diet and nutrition
is an intrinsic part
of every solution because it's
where the rubber hits the road.
If you think about a car, you've
got everything in the car,
all the torque in the engine,
the power of the engine,
the engine itself, the
steering wheel, the seats.
Everything about that car
comes down to a little spot
under each tire wear the
rubber hits the road.
And if there's no rubber,
that car ain't going anywhere.
You don't have any tires?
I don't care if you've got the
most incredible Lamborghini
ever.
If you have no rubber on
that tire or no tire at all,
you're not going anywhere.
That's nutrition.
That's where the
rubber hits the road.
That's where we're
interacting with what's real.
And nutrition has this
incredible ability
to connect us and reconnect
us to what is valuable
and what is important.
We probably as a culture
have got our values inverted.
We'd rather spend money on rent
than we would on the best food
ever.
We'd rather spend money
on a car or a house
than on feeding our children
the greatest superfoods that
have ever been discovered in the
world, because we don't know.
It's just a values inversion
because we just got confused.
We saw some program that
sold us on buying this car,
and suddenly we're buying
that car when really we
should take that
money and invest it
into our family's
health by the best food
ever, which is the basis.
[MUSIC PLAYING]